welcome to Los Angeles International
Airport for your safety please keep your
personal belongings with you Ellen
sailing so far awkward - for life - Kate
wanted corporate earnings clean air zero
one seven super la terror
20250 it fixed from the chief alright
number two third one now but the clear
trend green here zero and seven so far
you know if I file the art they impact
Divya Delta hope they're dealt with then
yeah I know they'll feel shorted they'll
pretend I click this button right at
9:36 9.3 right you for left back to the
echo moralistic yeah
recognizes 10 about 6 minutes on the
flow time still cauli united air but
back here right Romeo into Delta 3 Delta
Niner
they're c200 hope sort of Delpit anyway
the greener boy will go throw filter
that will give way to their program
they just said about that down push that
the Delta Philly so much you pull up on
the bill the Phillies second I started
serving
being really very lonely
here's our one a zippered modern to the
never one three three were never happy
with what hit they would not know